17th meeting - 7th of December 2016
----
Attendance: 6

We continued discussing about git. Sascha & Falk explained to us how branching, forking & merging works, i. e. the collaborative aspect of git. We then looked at some scripts in R and Python connecting and transacting with SQL databases. Falk brought up the subject of object-oriented programming (in Python naturally, but also in R using R6).

As it was the 1st birthday of the Code Clinic, I wanted to brought up a few questions regarding the club and the organization of the meetings but as few of the regular attendants were here we didn't actually discuss them. Here are some of them, for future references:
- We need to organize a system so that Code Clinic can happen even if I'm not able to participate (which is not the case right now and explain why we had only 17 meetings in a year).
- Is 14:30 on Wednesday the best timeslot for the meeting?
- Is a fortnightly meeting a good rhythm? (we could have weekly, shorter meetings for instance; or monthly longer meetings)

Next meeting will be the 11th of January after journal club (again).
